README.md, before:

# Arvin's Portfolio

A modern, responsive portfolio website built with Next.js 15, showcasing my projects, skills, and experience as a Mobile Developer.

## 🚀 Features

- **Modern Design** - Clean and professional portfolio layout
- **Responsive** - Optimized for all devices (desktop, tablet, mobile)
- **Dark/Light Mode** - Toggle between themes
- **Interactive Components** - Hover effects, animations, and smooth transitions
- **Project Showcase** - Display projects with images and descriptions
- **Skills & Certificates** - Showcase technical skills and achievements
- **Contact Integration** - Easy way for potential clients to reach out

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

- **Framework**: Next.js 15 (App Router)
- **Language**: TypeScript
- **Styling**: Tailwind CSS
- **Icons**: Lucide React
- **Fonts**: Geist (Google Fonts)
- **Deployment**: Vercel

## 🚀 Getting Started

1. **Clone the repository**
```bash
git clone <your-repo-url>
cd web-portfolio
```

2. **Install dependencies**
```bash
npm install
```

3. **Run development server**
```bash
npm run dev
```

4. **Open your browser**
Navigate to [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to see the result.

## 📁 Project Structure

```
app/
├── components/          # Reusable UI components
├── globals.css         # Global styles
├── layout.tsx          # Root layout
├── page.tsx            # Home page
└── projects/           # Project pages
```

## 📚 Learn More

To learn more about the technologies used in this project:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API
- [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/docs) - utility-first CSS framework
- [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs) - JavaScript with syntax for types

## 🚀 Deploy

This portfolio is deployed on [Vercel](https://vercel.com) for optimal performance and easy deployment.

## 📧 Contact

- **Portfolio**: [Website](arvinroeslim.me)
- **GitHub**: [GitHub](github.com/arvinr11)
- **LinkedIn**: [LinkedIn](linkedin.com/in/arvinroeslim)

---

⭐ **Star this repository if you find it helpful!**

Commit message:

style(ui): remove light mode and implement dark theme only

README.md, after:

# Arvin's Portfolio

A modern, responsive portfolio website built with Next.js 15, showcasing my projects, skills, and experience as a Mobile Developer.

## 🚀 Features

- **Modern Design** - Clean and professional portfolio layout with dark theme
- **Responsive** - Optimized for all devices (desktop, tablet, mobile)
- **Interactive Components** - Hover effects, animations, and smooth transitions
- **Project Showcase** - Display projects with images and descriptions
- **Skills & Certificates** - Showcase technical skills and achievements
- **Contact Integration** - Easy way for potential clients to reach out

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

- **Framework**: Next.js 15 (App Router)
- **Language**: TypeScript
- **Styling**: Tailwind CSS
- **Icons**: Lucide React
- **Fonts**: Geist (Google Fonts)
- **Deployment**: Vercel

## 🚀 Getting Started

1. **Clone the repository**
```bash
git clone <your-repo-url>
cd web-portfolio
```

2. **Install dependencies**
```bash
npm install
```

3. **Run development server**
```bash
npm run dev
```

4. **Open your browser**
Navigate to [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to see the result.

## 📁 Project Structure

```
app/
├── components/          # Reusable UI components
├── globals.css         # Global styles
├── layout.tsx          # Root layout
├── page.tsx            # Home page
└── projects/           # Project pages
```

## 📚 Learn More

To learn more about the technologies used in this project:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API
- [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/docs) - utility-first CSS framework
- [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs) - JavaScript with syntax for types

## 🚀 Deploy

This portfolio is deployed on [Vercel](https://vercel.com) for optimal performance and easy deployment.

## 📧 Contact

- **Portfolio**: [arvinroeslim.me](arvinroeslim.me)
- **GitHub**: [github.com/arvinr11](github.com/arvinr11)
- **LinkedIn**: [linkedin.com/in/arvinroeslim](linkedin.com/in/arvinroeslim)

---

⭐ **Star this repository if you find it helpful!**
